EDU-471 cloud docs refresh branch (#2213)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/operating-envelope-latency.md

---
id: operating-envelope-latency
title: What kind of latency can I expect from Temporal Cloud?
sidebar_label: Latency
description: Our latency SLO is 200ms per region for p99.
tags:
  - temporal-cloud
  - operations
  - explanation
---

Our latency SLO is 200ms per region for p99.

> Latency is greatly influenced by the actual throughput of a single [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution).
> Concurrent operations on the same Workflow Execution could lead to increased latency.
> 
> Typical latency for starting and signaling Workflow Executions is less than 100ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In June 2023, latency measurements over a week period for starting and signaling Workflow Executions were:

- `StartWorkflowExecution`: 90ms p90, 125ms p99
- `SignalWorkflowExecution`: 53ms p90, 95ms p99
- `SignalWithStartWorkflowExecution`: 87ms p90, 116ms p99

We work on improving latency, so these numbers will decrease over time.

Concurrent operations on the same Workflow Execution could lead to increased latency.
```

throughput of WE doesn't make sense to me. if talking about latency of completion of a WE, that's a different topic.

---
id: operating-envelope-latency
title: What kind of latency can I expect from Temporal Cloud?
sidebar_label: Latency
description: Our latency SLO is 200ms per region for p99.
tags:
  - temporal cloud
  - operations
  - explanation
---

Our latency SLO is 200ms per region for p99.
In June 2023, latency measurements over a week period for starting and signaling Workflow Executions were:

- `StartWorkflowExecution`: 90ms p90, 125ms p99
- `SignalWorkflowExecution`: 53ms p90, 95ms p99
- `SignalWithStartWorkflowExecution`: 87ms p90, 116ms p99

> We work on improving latency, so these numbers will decrease over time.

Reviewer 2: Alternate phrasing:
`As we continue working on improving latencies, these numbers will decrease over time`

> We work on improving latency, so these numbers will decrease over time.

Author: ```suggestion
As we continue working on improving latencies, these numbers will decrease over time
```
